feat(fluid-popover): Introduce FluidPopover as WebComponent. (#1567)
dynatrace-oss/barista: libs/fluid-elements/popover/README.md

# fluid-popover

This library was generated with [Nx](https://nx.dev).

## Running unit tests

> Run `ng test fluid-popover` to execute the unit tests via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `bazel test //libs/barista-components/fluid-popover` to execute the unit tests via
```
